=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 15=
From what I understand,
Qin Gang treasures
his daughter the most.
I think we should go with the flow.
Use this opportunity
to make him confess.
I'm just thinking
whether he was behind Madam Li's death.
That, we can investigate further,
but now, we need to make him
hand over the formula.
This is your chance.
Kicking him when he's down.
Sihai, you're quite ruthless.
To achieve great things,
one mustn't sweat the small stuff.
To get revenge,
we can use unconventional methods.
I disagree.
Understood.
Dad,
if you ask me,
this was all Ye Chen's doing.
Why would he do this then?
Aoxue,
I won't let
whoever did this off.
Martial Uncle,
my men
failed you.
That brat, Qin Gang,
just kidnapped your wife!
Churan!
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
Mr. Qin just invited me over for a chat.
Ye Chen,
we should have a proper talk.
Is this your so-called principle?
What happened
to not dragging family into this?
If I really wanted
to do anything to your wife,
you wouldn't be seeing her now!
Or maybe you're wary
of my retaliation.
You?
Enough.
I don't have time for this.
Listen here.
I had nothing to do
with Madam Li's death at all!
Also,
I have another big project for your wife
if you'll give me the antidote.
Do you know
how important Aoxue is to me?
I can give my all for her!
Give me the formula then.
I might consider.
Didn't you just say you'd do anything?
Alright, Mr. Qin.
I was just joking.
Ms. Qin's poisoning
has nothing to do with me.
If I wanted to hurt her,
she'd be crippled
in the ring.
Why would I bother with all this?
Take your wife and leave.
Do you believe me
or do you just have no choice?
Although I don't have Aoxue's antidote,
I can still save her.
No need to trouble yourself.
I'll tell you honestly.
I've invited the miracle doctor,
Shi Tianqi.
No matter what,
I won't let anything happen to Aoxue.
Fine.
I wish her a speedy recovery.
Sincerely.
Oh right.
The big project for my wife
you mentioned...
Get lost!
Ms. Xiao, I'll see you off here.
I hope to work
with you next time.
Thank you, Mr. Qin.
After you.
Watch your step.
Ye Chen?
You've got nerve
to come here!
Alright, Dong.
Mind your manners.
Why you!
Who is this?
Oh right, Dad.
This is Master Yu from Xuanji Hall.
Yu Jinghai.
Master Yu,
welcome.
Mr. Qin,
I'm here now.
Your daughter
will be safe and sound.
Thank you so much, Master Yu.
Master Yu knows both medicine
and the mystical arts.
Qin Gang,
didn't you just said
you invited some miracle doctor?
Why did a charlatan show up instead?
Dr. Shi is elusive.
He hasn't appeared just yet.
So I invited Master Yu first
to check on Aoxue's condition.
You're in pharma
but believe this stuff?
Our traditional culture
is deep and profound.
Although one can't believe everything,
I'm willing to try anything
for Aoxue's sake.
Master Yu,
this way.
I shall start then.
Sure.
Please.
My disciples.
Yes, Master!
Bring the compass.
Follow him quickly.
Goodbye.
Please excuse me.
You may leave.
That compass was pointed at me though.
I think Mr. Qin
is grasping at straws.
Foolish.
Mr. Qin,
the malevolent energy
in this home is getting heavier.
Pull this out.
Get rid of it.
If we don't subdue the demon soon,
not only your daughter,
but everyone in this house
may fall victim to it.
Master Yu,
please proceed.
Can we stay and watch too?
Hey, you're so thick-skinned.
Why haven't you left yet?
I just wanted to watch.
I won't get in the way.
Master Yu,
let's begin.
Okay.
Disciples.
Yes.
Form
the array!
Water,
to me!
Talisman, to me!
H... Here.
Stop.
This object is filled with evil energy.
It's blocking
the Qin family's geomancy core.
If we don't remove it soon,
it will...
Oh no!
Paper, to me!
Paper, to me.
Paper, go.
Here and there.
Sword, to me!
Subdue the demon!
Retreat!
Where do you think you're going, demon?
D... Dad,
there's blood on it.
It's bleeding.
Master Yu, thank you
for slaying the demon.
You truly have great skill, Master Yu.
But Ms. Qin
isn't recovered yet.
Behold, the deity!
Aoxue!
Are you alright?
Ms. Qin,
please sit up.
Sit up?
Ms. Qin, please stand up.
Stand up?
Jump.
Aoxue!
Watch out, Aoxue.
Take it easy.
Come down, Aoxue.
Quickly.
Here.
You just recovered. Take it easy.
Calm down.
Master Yu,
thank you so much.
Don't thank me yet.
I've only temperorily
sealed the demon in her body.
To remove it permanently,
you'll need auspicious treasures.
Like what?
Like...
the snow-white East Isles Spirit Jade,
blood-red Westlands Fire Essence,
shimmering Southern Sea Pearl,
and pitch black Northern Abyssal Onyx.
These will do.
That's the four cardinal directions.
W... Where on earth
am I supposed to find them?
The Treasures Pavilion.
They will be auctioning
one Southern Sea Pearl in two days.
Although it's not as good
as East Isles Spirit Jade,
Westlands Fire Essence,
and Northern Abyssal Onyx,
it will
definitely work
to expel the demon in Ms. Qin's body.
That's such a coincidence.
That's Ms. Qin's good fortune.
Whatever she needs
just so happens to be for sale.
What do you know?
Master Yu,
don't worry.
I'll get that pearl
no matter what it takes.
You've seen Master Yu's divine power.
Lie down.
Now get lost.
Master Yu,
until we meet again.
Let's go. Stop looking.
That Master Yu
seems like he's got some skills.
He's quite good at putting on a show.
Why didn't you expose him just now?
Since he came prepared,
he might be connected
to Qin Aoxue's poisoning.
But Qin Gang has been fooled.
He won't believe
whatever I tell him now.
You're not
going to let this go, are you?
He's going
to Treasures Pavilion in two days
for the Southern Sea Pearl.
I'll expose that master then.
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪